Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2018 American science fiction action film
called 'Extinction'.
The film was directed by Ben Young and written
by Spenser Cohen and Brad Kane.
The story is centered around a man who has
a recurring vision that results in the death
of his family.
During the vision, he also witnesses an evil
entity determined to destroy all of mankind.
There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed
with caution.
Peter, an engineer, has dreams in which he
and everyone he knows are subjected to horrific
alien invasion-style encounters with an unidentified
enemy.
He has a difficult relationship with his wife,
Alice, and daughters Hanna and Lucy as a result
of this.
He unwillingly goes to a clinic for psychiatric
assistance, only to discover that another
patient there is seeing the same images, and
that the mind can only conceal them.
This leads Peter to assume that his visions
are foreshadowing an impending invasion.
One evening, while spending time at home with
his family, Peter's worst fears come true.
Invading spacecrafts open fire on the city,
causing severe damage.
In the midst of the chaos, ground soldiers
can be heard slaughtering civilians.
After realising what is happening, Peter and
Alice quickly barricade the entrance to their
apartment.
Lucy is discovered cowering beneath a table
by an armoured alien soldier who bursts past
the barrier.
The soldier takes a breather to inspect the
girl, allowing Peter and Alice to disable
him.
Peter takes his family out of the building,
armed with the soldier's rifle.
Peter and his family decide to take refuge
in the factory where Peter works, based on
his visions.
He is able to eliminate the troops protecting
the apartment building's exit by bypassing
the rifle's biometric verification.
They find a tunnel entry and make their way
to the plant safely, but not before Alice
is hurt by a bomb blast.
As they reassemble, the soldier from their
flat approaches, having followed them down
using the homing signal on Peter's gun.
The soldier takes off his helmet and emerges
human, much to Peter's surprise.
Peter orders the man to carry Alice to the
factory as she is injured and unable to walk.
When they arrive at the factory, they meet
with David (Peter's boss), who reveals that
the invasion is not a surprise.
And in fact he has been waiting for it to
happen for a long time.
A doctor checks over Alice to but tells Peter
that there is nothing that can be done to
help her.
The soldier shouts to Peter that he can save
Alice, as David's men try to drag the invading
soldier away to be executed.
Peter offers to stay with the soldier to make
sure his wife is safe.
Meanwhile, David will take their children
to a metro station, where they will board
a transport train to an offsite base.
Peter is taken aback when the soldier reveals
that Alice is a synthetic (AI).
Alice will need an other source of power to
save herself: Peter himself.
With the soldier's help, Peter uses a pocket
knife to cut open his own chest, revealing
that he, too, is a synthetic.
The soldier attaches a wire between the two
synthetics, and Peter faints.
Peter vividly recalls what he believed were
visions of the future, but are actually recollections
of a previous battle, in which the military
targeted unarmed synthetics, thinking that
they might rise up against humans.
The synthetics retaliated and finally expelled
all humans from the planet.
During the tension, Peter and Alice met, and
while battling the humans, they discovered
Hanna and Lucy, who are also synthetics.
Most synthetics (including Peter and his family)
deleted their memories and lived as humans,
unknowing of their nature or past, to deal
with the guilt of what they had done and avoid
living in dread of retaliation from humans.
When Peter awakens, Miles, the soldier, informs
him that people have been residing on Mars
for the past 50 years.
He had anticipated the synths to be monsters,
not families with children, and after seeing
Lucy under the table, he realised he couldn't
execute anyone.
As the humans breach the factory's roof, Peter
and Alice part peacefully with Miles to find
their daughters.
As they board the train, David reveals that
he and a few other synthetics have retained
their memories to prepare for the humans'
eventual return.
Peter believes that humans and synthetics
will be able to live in harmony one day.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.